Document --flare for agent jmx commands (#9616)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/integrations/faq/troubleshooting-jmx-integrations.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Agent v6 & v7" %}}

> * [Agent Flare][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Agent Flare][1], which includes:
```

* Output of the [status command][2]. (Included in the flare)
* Content of `/var/log/datadog/agent.log` (Included in the flare)
* Content of `/var/log/datadog/jmxfetch.log` (Included in the flare)

> * A copy of the YAML integration. (Included in the flare)

Reviewer: Indent the 4 lines above and remove (Included in the flare)

* Output of: `ps aux | grep jmxfetch`
* Output of: `sudo -u dd-agent datadog-agent jmx list everything -l debug` (Appending `--flare` includes the output in the flare for version 6.26.x/7.26.x)

[1]: /agent/troubleshooting/send_a_flare/?tab=agentv6v7
[2]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv6v7#agent-status-and-information
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Agent v5" %}}

> * [Agent Flare][1]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Agent Flare][1], which includes:
```

* Output of the [info command][2]. (Included in the flare)
* Content of `/var/log/datadog/jmxfetch.log` (Included in the flare)

> * A copy of the YAML integration. (Included in the flare)

Reviewer: Indent the 3 lines above and remove `(Included in the flare)`

* Output of: `ps aux | grep jmxfetch`
* Output of: `sudo /etc/init.d/datadog-agent jmx list_everything`

[1]: /agent/troubleshooting/send_a_flare/?tab=agentv5
[2]: /agent/guide/agent-commands/?tab=agentv5#agent-status-and-information
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

> **Note**: if you're able to see some metrics (`jvm.heap_memory`, `jvm.non_heap_memory`, etc.) it is a sign that JMXFetch is properly running. If you're targeting another application and not seeing related metrics, the likely issue is a misconfiguration in your YAML.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you're able to see some metrics (`jvm.heap_memory`, `jvm.non_heap_memory`, etc.) it is a sign that JMXFetch is properly running. If you're targeting another application and not seeing related metrics, the likely issue is a misconfiguration in your YAML.
```

| `sudo -u dd-agent datadog-agent jmx list everything`   | List every attributes available that has a type supported by JMXFetch.                                                                                                  |
| `sudo -u dd-agent datadog-agent jmx collect`           | Start the collection of metrics based on your current configuration and display them in the console.                                                                    |

**Notes**:

> - By default theses commands run on all the configured jmx checks. If you want to use them for specific checks, specify them using the `--checks` flag : 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- By default these commands run on all the configured JMX checks. To limit the commands to specific checks, use the `--checks` flag, for example:
```

  ```shell
  sudo -u dd-agent datadog-agent jmx list collected --checks tomcat
  ```

> - On 6.26.x/7.26.x, appending `--flare` writes the output of the above commands under `/var/log/datadog/jmxinfo/` which gets included in the flare.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For Agent v6.26.+ / v7.26+, appending `--flare` writes the output of the above commands under `/var/log/datadog/jmxinfo/`, which is included in the flare.
```
